IBX-4168: Unified search reference (#1881)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/search/criteria_reference/search_criteria_reference.md

|[ContentId](contentid_criterion.md)|Content item's ID|&#10004; |&#10004; |&#10004; |
|[ContentTypeGroupId](contenttypegroupid_criterion.md)|ID of the Content item's Content Type group|&#10004; |&#10004; |&#10004; |
|[ContentTypeId](contenttypeid_criterion.md)|ID of the Content item's Content Type|&#10004; |&#10004; |&#10004; |
|[ContentTypeIdentifier](contenttypeidentifier_criterion.md)|Identifier of the Content item's Content Type|&#10004; |&#10004; |&#10004; |
|[CurrencyCodeCriterion](currencycode_criterion.md)|Currency code|&#10004; |&#10004; |&#10004; |
|[DateMetadata](datemetadata_criterion.md)|The date when content was created or last modified|&#10004; |&#10004; |&#10004; |
|[Depth](depth_criterion.md)|Location depth in the Content tree| |&#10004; |&#10004; |
|[Field](field_criterion.md)|Content of one of Content item's Fields|&#10004; |&#10004; | |
|[FieldRelation](fieldrelation_criterion.md)|Content items the content in question has Relations to|&#10004; |&#10004; | |
|[FullText](fulltext_criterion.md)|Full text content of a Content item's Fields|&#10004; |&#10004; | |

> |[IsCurrencyEnabledCriterion](iscurrencyenabled_criterion.md)|Whethe a specificed currency is enabled in the system| | | |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|[IsCurrencyEnabledCriterion](iscurrencyenabled_criterion.md)|Whether a specified currency is enabled in the system| | | |
```
